FFM-7336: Relnotes for ff server 1.979 (#1147)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

Additionally, the release notes below are only for NextGen SaaS. FirstGen SaaS release notes are available [here](/docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes) and Self-Managed Enterprise Edition release notes are available [here](/release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition).
:::

## March 30, 2023

### What's new

This release does not include new features.

### Early access

This release does not include early access features.

### Fixed issues

#### Feature Flags server

The **FF server** has been updated to version **1.979.0**, with the following update.

> * Before this update, targets never expired. Now, targets expire if they have not been updated for 60 days, except when used in flag rule, or when part of a target group's include/exclude lists. For more information, see [When targets expire](/docs/feature-flags/ff-using-flags/ff-target-management/add-targets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, targets never expired. Now, targets expire if they have not been updated for 60 days, except when used in flag rule, or when part of a target group's include/exclude lists. For more information, go to [When targets expire](/docs/feature-flags/ff-using-flags/ff-target-management/add-targets).
```
